blui 3927 update verbiage translations (#104)
etn-ccis/blui-react-auth-shared: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## v3.7.5 (Unreleased)

### Changed

> -   Changed verbiage and translations on verify email registration resend code.

Reviewer: May want to ensure that the changelog reads like a sentence

```suggestion
-   Changed resend email button's text label on the email verification screen.
```
